= Redmine Warbler

This plugin adds functionality to ease the deployment in a servlet container.

It depends on JRuby (>= 1.4.0) and Redmine (>= 0.9). Besides the gems, that are
needed by Redmine, you will also need to install the following dependencies
into your JRuby enviroment:

* activerecord-jdbc-adapter (>= 0.9.4)
* jruby-openssl
* warbler (>= 1.0)

and depending on your database of choice

* activerecord-jdbcmysql-adapter (>= 0.9.4)
* jdbc-mysql

or

* activerecord-jdbcpostgresql-adapter (>= 0.9.4)
* jdbc-postgresql


= Acknowledgments

This plugin is only glueing together the great works of others - namely the
{Redmine}[http://www.redmine.org/] and {JRuby}[http://jruby.org/] community. If
you like this plugin, please make sure, to let them know.


= Quick Start (Advanced users)

If you have solid knowledge about the installation process of Redmine an
Rails projects in general and also have already deployed JRuby on Rails
projects, this guide is for you.


== Configuring the servlet container

Redmine stores information in two different places. Both need to be configured.

=== A. The database

In order to get Redmine running with you database, simple configure a JNDI data
source in your servlet container and redmine source.

Just update @config/database.yml@ to contain the following production
configuration

  production:
      adapter: mysql         # or postgresql
      jndi:    jdbc/redmine  # or something matching your enterprisey rules

Make sure to also provide a JNDI data source with the same name in your servlet
container.

=== B. The file system

Attachments are stored in the local file system. The location, where they should
be stored is configurable. Simply set a system property named

  redmine.configuration.storage_path 

Make sure, that this location is writable for the user, that is running your
servlet container. We also highly recommend to include this directory in your
backup scripts.


== How to build a war file

Building a war file for your live system is as simple as running

  $ rake war

from within the your local Redmine source's root. This will create a 
@redmine.war@ in the very same directory. All you have to do now, is deploying
this file to your server.


= Step-by-step Guide (Redmine and JRuby Beginners)

This guide will start with an system where your database is installed and a
servlet container is readily set up. Furthermore, you have got a proper JRuby
installation. (I you do not have one, we recommend using
{RVM}[http://rvm.beginrescueend.com/] to set it up.) All the rest will be
covered here.

This guide is largely copied from http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/RedmineInstall

*TODO*


= Contributions, Bugs, Feedback

*TODO*


= License

This code is free to use under the terms of the MIT license. 

  :include: License.txt
